So welcome to the final lecture in the On page optimization section of this course by now your web page
is already extremely well optimized for search engines.
But I wanted to share with you three more very simple and effective ways to give your web page that
final essay or booze and put you ad in front of competitors.
So the first of these tips is to interlink between your pages.
Essentially that this means that when you publish a new post or a new page you should link back to the
other pages on your Web site to give an example of this.
Let's have a quick look at Wikipedia to see how the interlink between their pages so returning to an
example we saw before.
This is the Wikipedia page for drone.
And as you can see it links solve to all other pages.
Unmanned aerial vehicles for example.
And in this page again it links off to the other pages that it has that link you know are referenced
in this particular page.
So the reason that we want to interlink between our pages is really because it helps sort of search
engine rankings.
So say for example we have a tardy on one page which really means that we have a lot of external links
from around the internet pointing to is showing that the content is great.
Well if that page is then linked to other pages on our site.
The little bit of that authority is going to be passed on to the other pages through those links.
So essentially you're helping the pages on your Web site if you link to them across your site.
So really the action here then is to add two to five keyword rich links to your older posts.
Whenever you pull English a new one.
So to tie that piece of information to that interlinking back into the sample that we've been working
through in this section you can see here that I've wandered in and link back to my keyword research
post and you can see that I've used what they call the anchor text.
This is just the tax in which the link is really contained it's keyword rich so keyword research there
.
And if we have a look at the link is well I've selected that it opens the link in a new window that
really enables people to stay on the page that they're reading and opened the page in a different town
.
So essentially you're not bringing them away from your particular page.
So we've looked at interlinking between your pages.
Now I want we want to look at another very simple thing you can do to increase your as SEO which is
to add outgoing links to your pages.
So essentially this is in your content what you want to do is drop in a couple of links to authorities
sites within your niche.
The reason that we want to do this is because it shows Google that we're in good company with good authority
sites and out where a hub of quality info.
So what you need to remember is that you don't want to link to competitor sites that are trying to rank
for the same keywords as you.
Otherwise you're just going to be giving them a free back link which is going to push them up the search
results.
So really we want to link to authorities sites that are related to your topic that you're focusing on
but not direct competitors and roughly what you want to be doing is adding 3:58 I going Millings her
tears and words.
So to get an example of outgoing links and Hattie's and less returns more you are at optimization post
when he can see here that I've got it in a section underscores versus dashes in your elves and I say
here that Mark cuts gives a definitive answer on whether you are underscores first the dashes in your
browser are best for as CEO.
So this is the outgoing link that I'm doing and I'm linking it off to an article written by Mark Kurtz
and which really has high authority because he's the guy who's essentially the face of Google search
.
And there's been a lot of news and shares etc for this article.
So as you can see I've linked it off the anchor text underscores Rhys's dashes and you.
Or else that's the title of the post as well so it's not directly competing with my key word which is
you are optimization but it's very closely related.
So the final tip in this lecture is just really that you should get social sharing buttons on your page
and it's not such a huge factor for SEO but it is a growing one.
But really more importantly it's for bringing traffic to your side and making people find your page
.
If you put so much work into it and done all these optimizations you want to make sure as well that
people can share an edge across the social network so PM plug in that I would recommend for Wordpress
is called the take.
You may have seen this before.
So this is what it looks like Quincy added set up an on a blog and it's completely free and kind of
follows Iran the article which I think is good for social sharing.
There you go you can go to both front to come forward slash dig dig and download and install us for
your wordpress site.
So that really concludes the on page optimization section of the course.
I really hope you've enjoyed it.
I learnt a lot and now understand the anatomy of a perfectly optimized page for MCO.
So in the next section.
Let's move on to link building and building authority around are key words.
This is where the real magic happens for a CEO and the team that's really going to push is high in the
search engine results.